[Music]
go oh okay you're gonna like working for
me what's your name what kind of name is
Brynn D whatever stop talking all right
from now on your name is Joan you can
pick your own last name hey there you
are
oh it's my boss here's a list of things
for you to do today well this is gonna
be so great thank you so much all right
I gotta go to work I'm delivering twins
today but only one of them is mine drop
off my dry cleaning pick up my vitamins
teach me how to spell vitamins we're in
my new jeans
you realize what you are don't you but
you're his bitch you just sit on my Kit
Kats did you know there was a little
little dip in the market and I lost 13
million dollars but the Kit Kats are all
right I can't call my office they'll
kill me I can't call my clients they'll
kill themselves my chest hurts what my
chest hurts
yeah and now I I can't breathe
baby are you having a heart attack well
if I were would I have shooting pains up
and down my left arm yes then yes that
is what I'm having come on Pheebs it's
not that bad you know most people would
be excited if they don't have to work
for a couple of weeks most people don't
like their jobs I love my job I've been
not working for three hours and I'm
already going crazy
miss Joan honey having a heart attack is
Nature's Way of telling you to slow it
down
I always thought having a heart attack
was Nature's Way of telling you to die
but you're not gonna die I mean you are
going to die but you're not gonna die
today I wish I was dead let's take a
walk you know maybe you should consider
writing for talking out of your ass
magazine
so what's going on with you well I've
been doing a lot more of my karate still
going through that dry spell with Carol
yeah how long has it been since you had
sex
well last weekend that's not so bad will
be two months since I stopped trying
maybe you need to spice things up a
little
what what do you mean I don't know you
could tie her up she could tie you up
you could eat stuff off each other you
know dirty talk menage tois toys Wow
role-playing who could be the warden she
could be the prisoner you could be the
pirate she could be the wench okay yeah
or two you could be two stockbrokers and
you're you're rolling around naked on
the trading floor and everybody's
watching it never happened